[THREESCALE-9537] Configure batcher policy storage (#1452)
3scale/APIcast: gateway/src/apicast/policy/3scale_batcher/README.md

cases where the variety of services, apps, metrics, etc. is relatively low,
caching and batching will be very effective and will increase the throughput of
the system significantly.

### How many key/value pairs can be contained in 20m of shared memory.

On my Linux x86_64 system `1m` can hold `4033 key/value pairs` with 64-byte keys and
15-byte values. Changing the size of the shared storage to 10m gives `40673 key/value pairs`.
It's a linear growth as expected.

The following table shows the number of key/value pairs for different storage size:

| Shared storage size | Key length | Value length | Key/value pairs |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 10m | 64 | 15 | 40672 |
|  | 128 | 15 | 40672 |
|  | 256 | 15 | 20336 |
|  | 512 | 15 | 10168 |
| 20m | 64 | 15 | 81408 |
|  | 128 | 15 | 81408 |
|  | 256 | 15 | 40704 |
|  | 512 | 15 | 20352 |
| 40m | 64 | 15 | 162848 |
|  | 128 | 15 | 162848 |
|  | 256 | 15 | 81424 |
|  | 512 | 15 | 40712 |

In practice, the actual number will depend on the size of the key/value pair, the

> underlying OS architecture, memory segment sizes, etc... More details [here](https://blog.openresty.com/en/nginx-shm-frag/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
underlying operating system (OS) architecture, memory segment sizes, and so on...More details [here](https://blog.openresty.com/en/nginx-shm-frag/)
```

Author: updated
